i make it my habit to follow no one . except marke .
youre in ireland . did you know that .
whats this about a tournament .
how do i look how do you look .
i can get to it without being seen .
everything i wanted seems meaningless .
wheres isolde i dont know for sure .
if you say so .
thats like asking me to stop breathing . it cannot be .
a reward for idiocy .
that the energy levels are perturbed by the electric field .
a man has to be understanding .
captain stacey , the guys looks kind short of it . they cant shut down the crane .
parker youre late maybe too late . bruckner here beat ya to it .
you know , this is embarrassing , but .
i dont know , toombs . looks kind of tight .
what was that you dont care if you live or die .
is his face familiar to you .
oh , im sorry to hear that .
it is truly a remarkable coincidence .
the dutchman must always have a captain .
damn it , when are you going to do something with your life .
but if youre not too busy tomorrow night .
i cant believe you let that happen .
no . dont hurt him .
follow the arrows on the map . go to the last cell .
why did he save us .
we had yesterday , you do not remember .
i think sue might have a problem with it .
76 counts , 20 defendants , i dont know how many defense lawyers .
so that means sometimes it aint , right .
gavel rapping objection . this behavior cannot be tolerated .
i assure you , jackie , the thought of shooting you never crossed my mind .
the gaia theory has not been proven .
captain , please , let her continue .
can you hack into this .
did i lie to you what are you talking about .
so , please start the god damn car .
not today . can you crack the code .
he made his home on the ocean floor in a palace of coral and gems .
excellent . put your hands up .
superheats the air . burns the lungs like rice paper 
all right , we gotta get back up to high ground .
talk a little lower .
those in favor of acquit the defendant of all the accusations .
i am a tolerant woman .
potter could tell more about as diggory was killed .
it used the curse cruciatus in my parents .
a smoke screen for your attempt to take over the ministry .
i tried so much help and only i managed to worsen the things .